about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---
<html>
<img src="../data/img/profile_pic.PNG" width="150px" style="border-radius: 50%;" />
</html>

<br>
Welcome to My Music Corner! 

I am a Carnatic Vocalist and also enjoy performing Bhaavageethe (emotive poetry). I was fortunate to have been introduced to music when I was little and my Carnatic Vocal training began at the age of four. Since then, music has been an amazing companion that I can always turn to, for comfort and inspiration. It never gave up on me even when I, busy with other things, almost gave up on it.  

I am currently a disciple of the awesome [Dr. T S Sathyavathi](https://www.tssathyavathi.com), who constantly encourages and challenges me to become better everyday, even from the other side of the globe. In the past, I had the good fortune of learning from amazing Gurus -  [Vidushi. Uma Kumar](https://musicearn.in/me/umakumar), Karnataka Kalasri Smt. Prasanna Kumari Satyam, Sri. Pandarinath and Smt. Usha. I also trained in Bharatanatyam with Guru Smt. Sandhya Keshava Rao for many years.

I'm always up for collaborating and creating beautiful music - feel free to [drop a message](mailto:shwetha.music.corner@gmail.com) and say Hi :) For things not music, [my website]( https://shwetharam0407.github.io).

Commit message:

added Sri H K Narayana to list of Gurus

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---
<html>
<img src="../data/img/profile_pic.PNG" width="150px" style="border-radius: 50%;" />
</html>

<br>
Welcome to My Music Corner! 

I am a Carnatic Vocalist and also enjoy performing Bhaavageethe (emotive poetry). I was fortunate to have been introduced to music when I was little and my Carnatic Vocal training began at the age of four. Since then, music has been an amazing companion that I can always turn to, for comfort and inspiration. It never gave up on me even when I, busy with other things, almost gave up on it.  

I am currently a disciple of the awesome [Dr. T S Sathyavathi](https://www.tssathyavathi.com), who constantly encourages and challenges me to become better everyday, even from the other side of the globe. In the past, I had the good fortune of learning from amazing Gurus - Carnatic Music from [Vidushi. Uma Kumar](https://musicearn.in/me/umakumar), Karnataka Kalasri Smt. Prasanna Kumari Satyam, Sri. Pandarinath and Smt. Usha, Sugama Sangeetha (light music) from Sri H K Narayana and Bharatanatyam from Smt. Sandhya Keshava Rao.

I'm always up for collaborating and creating beautiful music - feel free to [drop a message](mailto:shwetha.music.corner@gmail.com) and say Hi :) For things not music, [my website]( https://shwetharam0407.github.io).
